Tutorial update (#5257)
Textualize/textual: docs/tutorial.md

The buttons have a `dock` style which aligns the widget to a given edge.
The start and stop buttons are docked to the left edge, while the reset button is docked to the right edge.

You may have noticed that the stop button (`#stop` in the CSS) has `display: none;`. This tells Textual to not show the button. We do this because we don't want to display the stop button when the timer is *not* running. Similarly, we don't want to show the start button when the timer is running. We will cover how to manage such dynamic user interfaces in the next section.

### Dynamic CSS

We want our `Stopwatch` widget to have two states: a default state with a Start and Reset button; and a _started_ state with a Stop button. When a stopwatch is started it should also have a green background to indicate it is currently active.

<div class="excalidraw">
--8<-- "docs/images/css_stopwatch.excalidraw.svg"
</div>

> We can accomplish this with a CSS _class_. Not to be confused with a Python class, a CSS class is like a tag you can add to a widget to modify its styles. A widget may have any number of CSS classes, which may be added and removes to change the style of your widget.

Reviewer: Typo and seems repetitive
```suggestion
We can accomplish this with a CSS _class_. Not to be confused with a Python class, a CSS class is like a tag you can add to a widget to modify its styles. A widget may have any number of CSS classes, which may be added and removed to change its appearance.
```

}
```

The `.started` selector matches any widget with a `"started"` CSS class. While `#start` matches a child widget with an ID of `"start"`.

> When combined with a space, the the selector will match the start button *only* if it is inside a container with a CSS class of "started".

Reviewer: I had to re-read this 2-3 times. Might want to reiterate that "the selector" is referring to `.started #start`.

```suggestion
When combined with a space, the selector will match the start button *only* if it is inside a container with a CSS class of "started".
```

As before, the `display: none` rule will cause any matching widgets to be hidden from view. 

If we were to write this in English, it would be something like: "Hide the start button if the widget is already started".

### Manipulating classes

Modifying a widget's CSS classes is a convenient way to update visuals without introducing a lot of messy display related code.

You can add and remove CSS classes with the [add_class()][textual.dom.DOMNode.add_class] and [remove_class()][textual.dom.DOMNode.remove_class] methods.
We will use these methods to connect the started state to the Start / Stop buttons.

The following code will start or stop the stopwatches in response to clicking a button:

```python title="stopwatch04.py" hl_lines="13-18"
--8<-- "docs/examples/tutorial/stopwatch04.py"
```

The `on_button_pressed` method is an *event handler*. Event handlers are methods called by Textual in response to an *event* such as a key press, mouse click, etc.
Event handlers begin with `on_` followed by the name of the event they will handle.

> Hence `on_button_pressed` will handle the button pressed event.

Reviewer: This felt a bit abrupt relative to the detail elsewhere in the tutorial. I'd assumed after following the tutorial folks could write an event handler, but I don't think there's enough info here to actually learn about event handlers other than just copy-pasting. Not sure if just a link is needed to help direct people to the relevant page in the guide or something else.

If you run `stopwatch04.py` now you will be able to toggle between the two states by clicking the first button:

```{.textual path="docs/examples/tutorial/stopwatch04.py" title="stopwatch04.py" press="tab,tab,tab,enter"}
```

When the button event handler adds or removes the `"started"` CSS class, Textual re-applies the CSS and updates the visuals.

## Reactive attributes

A recurring theme in Textual is that you rarely need to explicitly update a widget's visuals.

> It is possible: you can call [refresh()][textual.widget.Widget.refresh] to display new data.
> However, Textual prefers to do this automatically via _reactive_ attributes.

Reviewer: Feels like we're describing how to declare and giving an example of using "reactive" before defining what it actually _is_. It's tricky to follow examples that contain a new concept before you've been given at least a high-level/simplified definition.

Maybe add something like (probably improve the wording):

```suggestion
It is possible: you can call [refresh()][textual.widget.Widget.refresh] to display new data.
However, Textual prefers to do this automatically via _reactive_ attributes. A reactive attribute is an attribute that, when set, will automatically refresh the widget.
```
